( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Master.
Qi Xiaoling's statement.
Tell me what you think.
Master.
I think
it's still a murder exchange.
Zhao Wen helped Qi Xiaoling kill Zhou Zheng
because Qi Xiaoling helped Zhao Wen
kill Zhang Song.
It wasn't Qi Xiaoling who killed Zhang Song.
It was Wang Yuanyuan.
The wool fibers under Zhang Song's fingernails
must belong to Wang Yuanyuan.
Wang Yuanyuan?
Then who killed Lu Yuanzhou?
Qi Xiaoling.
Judging from the wear on the medial side
and the forefoot area,
the woman who turned on the light
should have flat feet
and a Morton's toe.
The combination of these two features
creates a unique gait.
Plus,
she might have been
wearing oversized shoes and carrying a heavy load.
This would shorten her stride,
narrow her step width,
reduce her step angle,
and shift the pressure backward.
This explains
why the edges of the footprints
are unclear.
Qi Xiaoling helped Wang Yuanyuan
kill Lu Yuanzhou.
Wang Yuanyuan
killed Zhao Wen's husband, Zhang Song.
Zhao Wen
then helped Qi Xiaoling
kill her husband, Zhou Zheng.
Ah,
this speculation makes sense.
Then who is the mastermind?
Qi Xiaoling?
Judging from the current interrogation evidence,
Qi Xiaoling is most likely the mastermind.
But
only Zhao Wen has pleaded guilty now.
And she firmly denies knowing Qi Xiaoling.
As for Qi Xiaoling and Wang Yuanyuan,
there is not enough evidence of their crimes.
Captain Gu.
Based on these commonalities,
we have to report to the superior department
to determine whether to merge the cases for investigation.
I agree.
On September 15th,
Qi Xiaoling said she had a fight with Zhou Zheng
and went to a hotel alone.
The hotel has sent the video.
Not bad.
We finally have some clues on this case.
It's time to eat.
Let's eat first.
Hey,
aren't you going?
If you aren't eager to eat,
there's something wrong with your head.
Exactly.
I can hear you.
Are those monitor headphones?
Don't move.
Go back.
Stop.
Yes, right here. Zoom in.
Zoom in more.
That woman in the wig,
is it Wang Yuanyuan?
Looks like her.
Look for a front view.
That's her.
Check the time.
Before the time of the Zhang Song case.
That's right.
That's her.
Found it.
Qi Xiaoling's disguise
is much smarter than Wang Yuanyuan's.
This is Qi Xiaoling.
Unfortunately,
her clothes don't fit well.
And if you look closely at the way she walks,
she keeps dragging her feet
because her shoes are too big.
Also, the way she carries the food box is too unnatural.
If that's the case,
combined with her actual height and weight,
and those disguises,
then her footprints
should match the footprints
that were found.
Wang Yuanyuan.
You are suspected of murder,
and are hereby summoned according to the law.
You are obligated to cooperate with the police investigation.
If you refuse to appear without a valid reason,
we will summon you by force according to the law.
Do you understand?
Zhang Song?
I don't even know this person.
Officer Gu,
did you make a mistake?
I have no grudges against the person
you're talking about.
Why would I kill him?
The police wouldn't arrest anyone without evidence.
The person you wanted to kill
was of course not Zhang Song,
but your own husband,
Lu Yuanzhou.
The day Lu Yuanzhou died,
I had an alibi.
The nanny proved that
you were sleeping at home from 11:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m.
What about after that?
Where did you go?
Sleeping at home, of course.
Think carefully before you speak.
Surveillance shows
you left your house at 2:30 a.m.
Where did you go?
I had insomnia.
I just went out
for a walk to clear my head.
Is there a problem?
Then you went a bit too far.
You recognize this piece of clothing, don't you?
It was found in a garbage dump near your house.
This is a limited edition.
Isn't it a pity to throw it away?
Tests show
the wool fibers in Zhang Song's nails
are exactly from this piece of clothing.
And you are the owner of this clothing.
Ms. Wang Yuanyuan.
Sir.
Taxi.
Hop in.
Where to, beautiful?
To Lieguang Dock.
I'm here.
Hey, hey, hey.
Wait a minute.
We're five or six kilometers past Lieguang Dock.
You have to pay me extra.
Hey.
This is the middle of nowhere.
You can't do this.
I have to drive back empty.
You have to give me another 100.
Officer Gu,
you probably don't know much about luxury goods.
This piece is indeed a limited edition,
but there are also many high-quality knockoffs
and fakes.
They look exactly the same from material to style.
Plenty of people own the same one.
If you just rely on this
to accuse me of murder,
I'll sue you for defamation.
You know these two people, right?
Three people with seemingly no social connections
committed three murders,
helping each other kill their husbands.
Officer Gu,
I have no idea what you are talking about.
I don't know the two women in the photos either.
Besides,
you said yourself I have no connection with them.
For no reason,
why would I kill them?
Why would I do that?
Call an ambulance.
Hey, Captain Gu.
Here is your physical exam report.
And this is Wang Yuanyuan's test report.
Let's look at this one first.
It says food poisoning.
Food poisoning?
Oh.
It does look like it.
Let me take a look at my report.
I completely forgot about this.
Fatty liver is marked red.
Why do I have so many health problems?
Did they make a mistake?
Hey, Master.
Let's stop eating instant noodles.
Let's go.
Let's go eat something good.
Okay.
Let's go.
Wang Yuanyuan ate a large amount of ginkgo nuts before her arrest.
And these ginkgo nuts contain organic toxins.
Adults only need to consume 10 to 15 grams
for it to cause poisoning.
She calculated it
so that she'd be poisoned in the interrogation room.
Then...
why would she do that?
Why do you think?
Wasn't it to delay the interrogation
and hide her relationship with Qi Xiaoling and Zhao Wen?
Oh.
Use your brain.
Are we still going out for dinner?
Ask him.
Why does the layout of Wang Yuanyuan's old house
look exactly like Zhou Zheng's house?
I know the connection between them.
Hey, Chen.
Why do you need old photos of Wang Yuanyuan's house?
Did you find the information about this house?
Yes.
The original owner of this house was Li Jian.
Ten years ago,
he rented it to the Lu Yuanzhous.
After Lu Yuanzhou got rich,
he bragged everywhere
that this house had
good feng shui.
Zhou Zheng bought this house
after hearing those words.
What about Zhao Wen?
Half a year ago,
when the house was vacant
and the owner wanted to sell it,
he called a cleaning company to clean it.
And the person who came to clean was Zhao Wen.
But
how did you find
this connection?
Turn off the light.
Aren't you going to cry?
Cry.
Come here.
Scrape.
You useless thing.
Who are you trying to seduce now?
You! Ah!
You should be
very familiar with this place.
This...
When Lu Yuanzhou and I first came to Jiangcheng to make a living,
this was the first apartment we rented.
It was also Qi Xiaoling and Zhou Zheng's marital home.
Zhao Wen,
before this apartment was sold,
worked here as a cleaner.
This is the first intersection point for the three of you.
And your common ground is
that all three of you
in this house,
suffered domestic violence.
Domestic violence
takes many forms.
For Zhao Wen and her daughter, it was physical violence.
For Qi Xiaoling, it was psychological violence.
And you
suffered the most unspeakable
sexual violence.
But the nature of these acts is the same.
Violence is violence.
Harm is harm.
Family should not be a sanctuary for violence.
Officer Gu,
you're a sensible man.
Officer,
I've said it many times.
I really don't know those two women.
Qi Xiaoling.
I've tried putting myself in your shoes.
Even if you won in court,
it wouldn't make up for the harm you suffered.
Especially
the emotional trauma.
As a police officer,
I don't agree with what you did.
But I
completely understand how you feel.
You must have been pushed into a corner
to make such a choice.
Over the years,
you seemed to live
a glamorous life on the surface,
but behind the scenes,
you were all forced to take the path of crime.
What you call a crime,
in our eyes,
is righteous revenge.